docs: add example of rendering images in tooltips (#8048)
vega/vega-lite: site/docs/tooltip.md

<div class="vl-example" data-name="bar_tooltip_aggregate"></div>

## Tooltip image

> To display an image in a tooltip, you need to use the special field name `image`, which is an indicator to the Vega Tooltip plugin to render an image instead of displaying text in the tooltip. The image tooltip can be specified either by setting the `tooltip` property of the mark definition (as detailed above) or by passing the field *as an array* to the tooltip encoding channel, as in the example below:

Reviewer: We need to clarify that this only works with Vega-Tooltip and add a link.

Author: Fixed!

> To display an image in a tooltip you need to be using the [Vega Tooltip plugin](#plugin). Vega Tooltip requires the special field name `image` to be used to indicate that the field values should be rendered as images instead of displayed as text in the tooltip. The image tooltip can be specified either by setting the `tooltip` property of the mark definition (as detailed above) or by passing the field _as an array_ to the tooltip encoding channel, as in the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display an image in a tooltip you can use the [Vega Tooltip plugin](#plugin). Vega Tooltip requires the special field name `image` to indicate that the field values should be rendered as images instead of displayed as text. The image tooltip can be specified either by setting the `tooltip` property of the mark definition (as detailed above) or by passing the field _as an array_ to the tooltip encoding channel, as in the example below:
```
